---
layout: post
title: Winter of Code 2018 Results
excerpt: Winter of Code Results 2018
---

Winter of Code (WOC) was a month long program organized in IIT Roorkee for the third time by *SDSLabs* to improve the open source exposure in campus and help first yearites get a taste of open source community with a *GSoC* like timeline.

We got a great response from IITR Junta. *Cheers to all!*

From a staggering 100 submissions, 14 were chosen to continue their projects under the mentorship of SDSLabs members (GSoCers themselves). It was a great experience for us to mentor such an enthusiastic crowd. Their dedication, hard work and passion makes us believe that they have a bright future in this field.

After a hectic 30 days of coding and 5 days of rigorous evaluation, we hereby present the list of students who have successfully passed the final evaluation:

### Developers

 - Abhik Chakraborty *(CSE)*
 - Adrij Shikhar *(Polymer)*    
 - Aniket Kumar *(Chemical)*
 - Bismita Guha *(Metallurgy)*
 - Harshit Verma *(CSE)*
 - Rochisha Agarwal *(EPH)*
 - Shourya Shukla *(CSE)*
 - Utkarsh *(CSE)*

### Designers

 - Lakshya Singh *(MSM)*
 - Niharika Agrawal *(CSE)*
 - Yash Choudhary *(Metallurgy)*
 
**Adrij Shikhar**, **Aniket Kumar**, **Harshit Verma**, **Lakshya Singh**, **Utkarsh** and **Yash Choudhary** will get a direct invite to the interview round of SDSLabs recruitment although we encourage them to also give the recruitment test to gain a little extra edge.

For those who didn't get the direct invite, do not worry. Your performance in WOC will be considered during the selection procedure. All you have to do is give your best in the recruitment test :)

We wish all of you the very best for your future endeavors.
Happy Coding!