---
layout: post
title: Hello World
---

<p style="text-align: justify; font-size:15px;">Hello world!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First of all, thanks for visiting the portal. This  web portal is an initiative by SDS Labs. SDS Labs stands for Software  Development Section Laboratories. Those of you not knowing, Software  Development Section is part of Hobbies Club. It was earlier named Web  Designing but has been rechristened as Software Development Section this  year. SDS Labs is the core group of Software Development Section which  manages its affairs and is responsible for timely completion of  undertaken projects
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Hello world!" has been a catch phrase for quite some now. It first  appeared in the classic book "The C Programming Language" by Kernighan and  Ritchie. Since then it has been used in many books teaching programming  languages as being the output printed by the first program. A great  insight can be gained into the language by just explaining the process  of printing "Hello world!" on the screen. In fact, in the past, these  two words have been credited as being the epitome of learning new  languages. Thats why we announce the arrival of this web portal on IIT  Roorkee intranet through the blog post titled "Hello world!".
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For long, we felt a need for a community in the college to look  after its coding requirements. It was not just the coding requirements  but rather the absence of a group promoting the cause that had saddened  us in the past. But since the start of this semester, we have worked  hard to put a proper team in place for looking after the promotion of  coding and computer related activities among the IITR junta. We have  been holding regular lectures mainly among the students of first and  second year on as diverse topics as Web Designing, Linux Programming,  Game Development, Mobile Apps Development and so on. Some meetings have  seen students to the tune of hundreds while some had a niche audience of  around five. While large numbers do give us confidence, its the  enthusiasm and spirit of the students that encourages us to do more. In  fact if at the end, even a small percentage of people come out with  wonderful products developed on their own, then that gives us immense  satisfaction and pleasure, and reaffirms our faith in the whole process.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<!-- -**-END-**- -->This web portal has been developed by the SDS Labs as a small initiative to facilitate campus life of the students.
"Filepanda"  is a self updating local software repository which contains most of the  daily use softwares. In essence, you dont need to download a software  from internet every time a new version is released. Currently it has  around 300 softwares but some plans for its expansion are in the  pipeline.
"Campus Omegle" is a web application on the lines of the popular website omegle.com.  This app randomly pairs any two online people on the campus for the  chatting purpose. The chat is completely anonymous and we dont archive  your chats in any way!
"Popcorn Movies" is a local movie repository which makes available the  download of recently released movies. Note that the purpose is not to  store all movies but only the recently popular ones. It has got some  really cool features. We hope that this will cause a reduction in the  effort by students to download new movies from internet thereby leading  to a decrease in the amount of bandwidth wasted for the purpose.
"Codevillage" is a application promoting programming that automatically  compiles, executes and matches the output of submitted solutions hence  judging them as being wrong or correct and much more. Currently, it is a  little buggy and in beta phase but we hope to release a much better  version later.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thats all folks! We hope that you enjoy the portal. If you have anything to say do drop us a mail at "<a href="mailto:feedback@sdslabs.org" target="_blank">feedback@sdslabs.org</a>" or leave a comment. We will gladly like to hear from you.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;font-size: 15px">Thanks
<span style="color: #000000;">Shashank Kumar
Group Coordinator
Web Development Group
SDS Labs</span></p>
