---
layout: post
title: We want you to join us
excerpt: Our blog post announcing recruitment of First-Yearites. 
---

Recruitment Posters available <a href="http://sdslabs.co.in/recruit">here</a>.

First of all, Happy New year wishes to all of you. SDSLabs has had a great first semester, with quite a few services and applications under our belt already. But what we've done so far is tiny compared to our plans for the future. And in our planning for this, we had envisioned a core team of our section (web-design). And now, we have decided to finally recruit first-yearites for this core-group.

<!-- -**-END-**- -->

This core group will be responsible for most of our work; including but not limited to our intranet services, maintaining our Internet presence, and working on outsourced projects as well. Even though our section has been in existence for a long time, but it is only recently that we have been seeing some real progress (in terms of infrastructure, funding, and other administrative help).

Recruitments for 1st year will be done on the basis of a written test, and a follow up interview, quite similar to what the Programming &amp; Algorithm Group has already done. The written test will include questions in programming, logic, and web design (html/css). We need people who can think on their feet, work out logical problems in their head, &amp; enjoy working. Ideally you should be fluent in at least one of the major programming languages (c++, java, perl, php etc). However we may take an exception to other talented people out there as well... You may want to read w3schools for a bit of brush-up of your skills. We've got a local copy of <a href="http://sdslabs.co.in/w3s/">w3schools</a> at our server as well.

In other news, we recently celebrated Shobhit sir's birthday , whom we have to thank for all the funding (read new server). After a more than a month of dormancy during the winter vacations, several of our projects are on right track again, and <a href="http://sdslabs.co.in/filepanda">FilePanda</a> has got a big performance boost. We've finalized designs for our pms system, which should soon bring a better control to our workflow process. <a href="http://sdslabs.co.in/codevillage">CodeVillage</a> has got its new Grader as well, which will soon be available on the website, after a few rounds of testing. We've got permission to start working on implementing <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_connect">DC</a> (Direct Connect File Sharing) in the campus, which was technically an impossibility till now. But beating the impossible is what makes our work so challenging and interesting.

And for those, who are interested in knowing what else is there down the pipeline, meet us at our lab, between 6-12pm any day of the week. We're open 24 hours, by the way. We've got some great web services, and desktop applications lined up. Of course if you join us, you will be free to work on your own ideas as well. If you're up for the task, check out our recruitment posters over <a href="http://sdslabs.co.in/recruit">here</a>.

---

Team SDSLabs
